Created separate issue templates for enhancements/ fixes (#237)
astronomer/docs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/fix-template.md

---
name: Request a fix
about: For issues on existing docs that are inacurrate or otherwise unhelpful
title: ''
labels:
assignees: ''
---

> **Link to affected document:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Affected Document:**
```

> **How severe is the problem?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Severity**
```

> - [ ] Critical: The document has incorrect or missing information that is preventing someone from being successful (Add the `error/critical` label to this issue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Critical: This document has incorrect or missing information. Add the `error/critical` label to this issue.
```

> - [ ] FYI: The document could benefit from a change, but there's nothing that's currently preventing someone from being successful without it (Add the `error/FYI` label to this issue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] FYI: The document is misleading or could benefit from additional context or guidance. Add the `error/FYI` label to this issue.
```

Reviewer: ^Less confident in this suggestion but I think I didn't totally understand at first what this category of a change would be like. Does this explanation make sense?

> - [ ] Typo: There's a noticeable grammar, spelling, or formatting issue in a document (Add the `error/typo` label to this issue). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Typo: Add the `error/typo` label to this issue.
```

Reviewer: Feel like typo is self-explanatory!

  
**Suggested Change (include links to relevant existing docs, support tickets, messages, or external content):**

> **Additional context/ notes:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Additional Notes:**
```

> **Describe your suggestion for the change. In addition, include links to any relevant existing documentation, support tickets, messages, or external content:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Suggested Change** (include links to relevant existing docs, support tickets, messages, or external content):**
```
